# HUB_Uygulamasi
This project is designed to calculate the daily amount of food consumed by a user automatically or by making the necessary selections from the catalog information and storing the data in the database. While the person who will use the application must enter the necessary information during registration, the amount of calories to be consumed daily is calculated as a result of this data and presented to the user with the main menu progress bar. Since the user consumes food during the day, he will be able to follow the progress from the progress bar and reach the latest status of consumption information. In addition, it is planned to update the physical data that changes during the user's usage period, to recalculate the newly calculated amount of calories to be consumed daily, and to facilitate the tracking of the products to be consumed by the user during the period. Within the framework of current information, this project is already an exemplary project, it was planned to create a user history in the database section and not delete any data entered in the system, and the design was carried out in the database design section within the framework of these considerations. According to the user name and password in the login section, the system is automatically directed to the interfaces where different operations can be made, depending on whether the person is a system administrator or not. The system administrator will be able to access the information of the people using the application from the screen and the administrator will be able to add food information to the food category. Since this study was created by considering certain constraints, it is a project open to development. The user can only add food, and if the user wishes, he can share his personal information by specifying the food details himself and adding his photos. In addition, in the reports tab, the daily nutritional values ​​that the user or users have consumed so far are reported comparatively. In addition, SHA-256 (Secure Hash Algorithm 256-bit) is recorded in the database via a cryptographic hash operation, as the password information must be securely stored and compared during the registration process.

LogIn Information From Admin;
User UserName(E-Posta) = burakKD@gmail.com;
Password(Şifre) = burakBFK15++
